.TH AIRSTRIKE 6 "Version 1.0" Airstrike GAMES

.nf
            _    _          _        _ _        
           / \\  (_)_ __ ___| |_ _ __(_) | _____ 
          / _ \\ | | '__/ __| __| '__| | |/ / _ \\
         / ___ \\| | |  \\__ \\ |_| |  | |   <  __/
        /_/   \\_\\_|_|  |___/\\__|_|  |_|_|\\_\\___|
.fi

.SH NAME

airstrike \- 2d dogfight game in the tradition of 'Biplanes' and 'BIP'

.SH DESCRIPTION

Airstrike is a 2d biplane dogfight game in the tradition of the
Intellivision and Amiga games 'Biplanes' and 'BIP'. It features a
robust physics engine and several other extensions of the original
games.


.SH SYNOPSIS

.B airstrike
.I [options]


.SH OPTIONS

Airstrike reads all the configuration options from a configuration
file at startup but you can override from command line a few of the
options:
.TP
.B --fullscreen
Runs the game in fullscreen mode.
.TP
.B --sound
Runs game with sound effects, if support for that has been compiled in.
.TP
.B --nosound
Runs the game without sound.
.TP
.B --noalpha
Game graphics will not be antialiased. This makes it run faster.
.TP
.B --alpha
Game graphics will be antialiased.
.TP
.B --config CONFIGFILE
Use given configuration file instead of the one which location is
compiled into Airstrike.
.PP
Configuration file name is '.airstrikerc' and it's located in your
home directory.


.SH CONTROLS

Airstrike is controlled from keyboard:
.TP
.B RIGHT
Plane nose goes up.
.TP
.B LEFT
Plane nose goes down.
.TP
.B COMMA
Accelerate.
.TP
.B DOT
Shoot.
.TP
.B SPACE
Drop a bomb.
.TP
.B ESC
Pause game and open game options menu. From menu you can change
options, view release notes and quit it.


.SH LICENCE

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms specified in the GNU Public Licence (GPL).


.SH WARRANTY

None.


.SH COPYRIGHT AND CREDITS

.TP
.B Ulf Ekström
Game author, programming and graphics
.TP
.B Peter Eismann
Windows port, comments and ideas
.TP
.B Eero Tamminen
Sound, graphics, game objects, makefiles, comments and ideas
.TP
.B Alessandro Giusti
Graphics and ideas
.PP
And many others for comments, bug reports and ideas.
